# JavaFXBankApp
 
This project is a small GUI app to be run in which it simulates a fictional bank desktop app.  Initially, the app allows a user to create a basic bank account with their name, initial depositing amount,  and bank account type. The user hits the submit button and the app takes the user to  their account summary which has two buttons for withdrawing and depositing money.  In addition, the scene displays customer name, balance, the date in which the account was made, and account type.  When depositing, a new scene is shown that allows user to deposit any valid money amount and submit it with a button.  There is also another button  to go back to the main scene.  When withdrawing, a new scene is shown that allows user to withdraw a valid money amount and submit it with a button. Withdrawing scene also includes   a button to go back to the main scene.

IMPORTANT NOTE: I only tested this project on WINDOWS computers so if you have a mac or linux machine and the project doesnt work then the OS is the culprit since the project files VM args have to be changed depending on the OS.  

Another important note : This entire project stopped working at one point due to some file and folder name changes, actually it turns out it was because of a missing image file which caused this fancy exception to be thrown "Exception in Application start method java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException" along with 20 more lines of exceptions and errors.  I recovered the missing image file from an older project folder and now the project should work without issues.  
